Remove onRedirectNavigate from endSessionRequest (#8066)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/v4-migration.md

### Removal of `onRedirectNavigate` parameter

> The `onRedirectNavigate` parameter has been removed from the `RedirectRequest` and `EndSessionRequest` object. It has *not* been removed from the `Configuration` object and can continue to be set there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `onRedirectNavigate` parameter will *only be supported* from `Configuration` object going forward and is removed from `RedirectRequest` and `EndSessionRequest` object. Please ensure to set it in msal config if you need to use it.
```

> The `onRedirectNavigate` parameter will *only be supported* from `Configuration` object going forward and is removed from `RedirectRequest` and `EndSessionRequest` object. Please ensure to set it in msal config if you need to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `onRedirectNavigate` parameter will *only be supported* from `Configuration` object going forward and is removed from `RedirectRequest` and `EndSessionRequest` objects. Please ensure to set it in msal config if you need to use it.
```
